# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a
Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 1.0.3 - 2022-10-25

### Fixed

- Updated dynamic expression creation to work with Ecto 3.9.1 and retain
  backwards compatibility.

## 1.0.2 - 2022-08-11

### Fixed

- Fixed issues which caused some select expressions to fail when used with join
  queries.

## 1.0.1 - 2022-05-12

### Added

- Added documentation

## 1.0.0 - 2022-05-11

No changes. This release marks stability in the API.

## 0.7.0 - 2022-03-16

### Addded

- When ording by a fragment, Fob may now cast dates from binaries into
  `Date` structs
    - This fixes errors arising from fetching the next page of data when
      ordering by a fragment
    - See the new `test/fob/fragment_casting_test.exs` test cases

## 0.6.1 - 2022-03-14

### Fixed

- Fixed some cases where date / datetime casting suffered from the dynamic
  expressions approach. The original Ecto integration queries now run unless a
  fragment if supplied.

## 0.6.0 - 2022-03-10

### Changed

- Added the ability to paginate with order by fragments, when the same query
  fragment is a select. See tests for example.

## 0.5.1 - 2022-02-04

### Fixed

- Fixed a case where `Fob.page_breaks/2` would miscalculate the page breaks
  when a query was ordered by a column which was also part of a `select`
  that belonged to a joined table.

## 0.5.0 - 2021-12-03

### Changed

- Removed usages of `infinity` and `-infinity` postgres fragments
    - This fixes a query error when ordering by a nillable integer-type column

## 0.4.0 - 2021-03-17

### Added

- Added the ability to paginate by `:infinity` page size
    - this returns the entire dataset

## 0.3.0 - 2021-03-05

### Fixed

- Added implementations for `Fob.PageBreak.compare/3` and `compare/2` for `nil`s

## 0.3.0 - 2021-03-04

### Added

- Added a `Fob.PageBreak.expand_space/4` function for expanding the bounds of
  a page-break space.

## 0.2.0 - 2021-03-04

### Added

- Added `Fob.between_bounds/3` for querying any number of records between two
  page-breaks
    - kind-of a book-ends concept rather than page-breaks :thinking:
- Added `Fob.PageBreak.compare/2` and `Fob.PageBreak.compare/3` for comparing
  lists of page breaks

## 0.1.0 - 2021-03-03

### Added

- Initial implementation

## 0.0.0 - 2021-02-25

### Added

- This project was generated by Gaas

<!-- # Generated by Elixir.Gaas.Generators.Simple.Library.Changelog -->
